and and
music music
All units, we have a signal 10-7-Niner.
Officers are in pursuit.
A black and white 1974 Dodge sedan, southbound on 4-7.
Respond to signal 10-7-Niner.
Occupants of vehicle, one Joliet Jake Blue, one Elwood Blue.
Considered... Hey, Jake.
Jake.
I gotta pull over.
Hi.
Want to hand me the mic?
Thanks a lot.
Hi, this is car, um... What number are we?
Five-five.
Car 55.
Um, we're in a truck.
Buzzing
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and to the whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones, you know, until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone, you know, and, you know, it's not, it's, you know, measles plus, you know, okay, I can tolerate what you think about measles because, you know, not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that is, you know, got 75% mortality and
It's not, it's, there'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency because it has to be.
so so
Somebody said pump it up, so I pumped it up.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
It's been a long time since I've worked this little rig here, so give me a second to reorient myself.
Wow, that feels really loud.
Maybe that's that knob.
Okay, here we go.
Sorry about that.
Welcome to the show, everybody.
Trying to break the bamboozlement one day at a time, these charlatans that we inherited from our parents.
The only way we're going to get rid of them is to keep repeating the truth as we try to navigate away from this mythology and we try to make gentle the life of this world at the same time.
Not very many people are saying peace might be one solution.
Peace might be a solution.
Why doesn't anybody use the word peace?
I think it's because there is a manufactured illusion of consensus on social media and on TV that can be metaphorically represented by this wave, which is going the wrong way.
It's going away from the shallow water, and it's nearly perfect.
And that's a really great surfing teacher.
But if we're going to surf this manufactured wave of social media illusion of consent, we're going to need to help our children surf it too.
Because they're only going to get better at it.
And if you don't have this surfboard of truth, I don't think you're going to be able to get through.
I don't really like this.
This doesn't work for me.
I've got to change this.
I'm sorry.
This is Skilled Surfboard.
And so then if I guess we were to do something correct here, if we were to do something correct here, what we would do is take and insert a text box like this and say like an illusion of consensus.
How about a wave?
A wave of consensus, huh?
That would be, that's a good one for this one.
Oh boy, getting creative now.
Look out, feeling sharp.
Let me see if I can do this here.
There we go, like that.
We can even like go, oops.
We could even do something like rotate it a little bit, and then set it up over here.
See, like that.
Oh, look at that.
Whoa!
Now that's impact.
All right, there we go.
So welcome to the show, everybody, where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take the bait on social media.
And we love our neighbor.
Thank you very much for spreading the word about this work.
Thank you very much for being patient for me and getting back online today.
This is definitely gigaohm biological high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I think the horns are coming.
I got to fix this one.
It's a little slow I didn't have a lot to say today because I just really want to get started and you might say well Why don't you just get started?
But it takes a little while to organize one of these little slide deck so it's just kind of easier to start from the place where you know you want to get to and it gives me time to ever getting straightened out, you know, like the and the
That needs to be turned up a little bit, see, depending on what music I'm using.
There is a paradigm shift happening, ladies and gentlemen, because these people are... The illusion that they were creating is starting to break.
This idea that there were these different factions on Twitter and stuff is really... We have to get off that.
We have to just get off Twitter.
I don't know how much longer I'm going to stay there because it's really, really not very handy.
and it is an illusion.
And we only, if we participate in it, then we're vulnerable to it.
If we don't participate in it, we're not vulnerable to it.
So I'm getting really close.
I'm just warning you to not really tweeting at all anymore, just to say it.
Hello ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is Giga Ohm Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
I think my camera's a little out, which makes me look extra tired.
I just got back from the gym though, so I have an excuse.
Had to get basketball in before this.
The work lights in the back will change the way that the camera exposes me.
I look pretty tired.
Okay.
Anyway, it's June 18th, 2024.
I'm glad to be back on the air.
I had a really great trip to South Dakota.
I got to hug
G. Edward Griffin.
I got to meet a lot of people.
I just got a phone message saying that I'm going to be on Dr. Merritt's podcast next Thursday.
If you know Dr. Lee Merritt, we met while we were there.
We had a good connection.
And so, I'm going to be on her stream or on her broadcast.
We're going to make a pre-recording next week on Thursday, which is pretty exciting.
And there's lots of other details I could give away later.
For now, I just want to move forward.
Don't forget, I'm a human just like you.
In this talk that I gave on the 15th of June, everything is not perfect.
There's a couple things in the talk.
I had to watch it.
I was going to watch it live with you.
And then I watched about 15 minutes of it or so.
And then I got kind of nervous about that.
So I watched the whole thing myself.
I'm still going to be a little bit cringey.
There's one part in particular that's a little personal to me that I would rather edit out, but I can't or won't because I don't like to play those games.
But I don't think I, I very, I think I in a certain way dishonestly represented why I wasn't present at my friend Nathan's funeral.
So I just want to say that right up front.
I was pretty aggressive in my language about why I didn't go there and I didn't take very much credit for it.
And so, um,
I don't know why those are the words that came out of my mouth.
Yes, I had conversations with my friends about me not being able to go to the funeral without telling everybody that I think it's the shot.
And so therefore I won't go to the funeral.
I shouldn't go to the funeral.
But when I was presenting in the Red Pill, it made it seem like all of them told me not to come.
And so when that part comes in the film, it's going to be pretty cringy for me because that's not how it should be represented at all.
And so I apologize for that.
It was the one real trip up that I don't like.
But I was very fired up and I was very nervous and saying a lot of things that I didn't think I was going to say and somehow or another I just
I didn't represent that well.
So you'll see those, those, that language there, and maybe it won't seem so significant to you, but it seems significant to me upon reviewing.
And so I wanted to be right up front with that right away.
Um, so that that can't be misconstrued in any way as me not being very, very, um, humble about that.
Um, so anyway, there's that, um, it's pretty, it's a pretty, um,
I go pretty hard in the paint, so to speak.
And I think you're going to be a little bit more than satisfied with what I did in some respects.
And in other respects, I've made some small errors that I can correct today.
I can show you where the the laser pointer was because you can't see it on the live stream and there's a couple times where maybe I could have been on screen when I wasn't or whatever but the live stream people that were there they had like three cameras and they had lots of screens to control because they had a
had a clock in front of me and my presentation was in front of me plus they had these two screens plus me in the middle and then they were also live streaming and deciding whether they needed to put me in the corner and the slides over there or me in the corner and the slides over there and that's really hard for them too and I didn't pay very much.
I didn't
I didn't quite stick to what the guy asked me to do, which is that if I decide to look at the slides, always look at it from the same side of the screen so that he can put me in the same corner all the time.
And so I don't think I helped him with that either.
It made it harder for them to change.
So they did a really wonderful job.
And the lady who actually did it and helped me by letting me change my slides after I figured out after the first night how to
I dropped them off the night before, but then on the day of my talk, I wanted to change my talk because I had figured out how to embed the fonts.
So anyway, here it is in its pure form.
I will pause it occasionally, but only if I need to correct.
Otherwise, I'll just let it go.
Here we go.
And the next guy we're going to bring up
is going to bring some of that truth based on a lot of facts.
He's got a very detailed, intense science background, neurobiology, PhD level.
worked with University of Pittsburgh Medical School, Carnegie Mellon, and he knows some stuff, and he knows not to wear three masks.
How is it that these other doctors and PhDs didn't know that?
We're going to find out.
And his talk, why the COVID narrative is biologically impossible, not implausible, impossible, let's find out all about it.
Let's welcome to the stage, Red Pill Expo stage, J.J.
Cooey, PhD, J.J.
Thank you.
That was really crazy.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for having me here.
Of course, I owe Mr. Griffin a great big thank you.
I actually, when he called me, I didn't believe it was him.
And then I asked him if I get Saturday or Sunday, and he told me I only get an hour.
So I'm going to have to be a little bit of a biological auctioneer here.
I want to justify why it is that I'm standing in front of you.
If you google gigaohm biological on the net, you will find lots of things that don't have anything to do with me.
Gigaohm actually refers to the resistance of the electrical seal
that I used to make when I was a neurobiologist recording from individual neurons and brain slices of mice and monkeys.
I actually also worked on material that was taken out of cancer patients that had glioma, and so I've made recordings from individual human neurons as well.
The reason why I'm up here is a little bit odd.
I have a 20-year career as a neuroscientist, which means I was trying really hard to become a professor in a university, and I was trying very hard to learn that craft, which I've come to understand as more of a bit of like a cat of magic rather than science.
At the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, after 20 years of work, I moved to the United States from the Netherlands and Norway.
Actually, I'm a Wisconsin boy.
I did my undergraduate in Chicago, and then I moved away for 15 years.
I married a Dutch woman.
We went to Norway.
We had two boys there.
I worked for two neurobiologists that were awarded the Nobel Prize the year after I left.
I went to the Netherlands to try and get tenure.
Four years later, after not getting tenure in the Netherlands, we moved to the United States, kind of reluctantly on behalf of my wife.
And we moved to the University of Pittsburgh.
I'd never been there before.
I hated Pittsburgh because of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I'm Wisconsin boy, what do you want?
And so coming to Pittsburgh was a little bit reluctant, but the guy that was recruiting me took me to a baseball game and I was sold.
It's a beautiful city.
It's got a really rich history in America, and I was really proud to be working for the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
At the start of the pandemic, I had actually already done about 20 episodes on my bicycle.
I was riding my bicycle to and from the University of Pittsburgh.
It was about a nine-mile ride.
If you know Pittsburgh, there's lots of big hills, and so I'm not a master.
I just had an electric bike.
But what the electric bike allowed me to do was I started teaching on my bike I got this really crazy idea because I was filming traffic and at some point I realized when I was reviewing this footage that I could clearly hear myself yelling at the cars and I thought well Maybe I should think of something else to do here.
And since I was teaching some students and I was doing Journal Club I thought one of the things I could do is Journal Club on the bike and I called it JC on the bike and so it started to become this little thing and
Well, then the COVID pandemic started and my boss said that you're one of these, what do they call them?
Essential employees because I had animals that needed feeding and I had experiments that needed doing.
And so I'm biking in with these empty streets.
And so I thought, wow, I might as well do a review about coronavirus.
I'm a guy who can read papers.
So I read about 30 papers or so and I started
Talking about coronavirus on my bicycle and I was getting all kinds of things wrong the first bike ride I said that the flu and and the common cold were all coronaviruses and I got a lot of stuff wrong The third bike ride though by the third bike ride I had already pretty much ironed it all out tonight Some people were emailing me and telling me I was making mistakes And then suddenly I got this email from the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, which is the
name for the private hospital that uses the name of University of Pittsburgh to sell stuff.
And they said, the media company said, that we've seen your bike ride.
And the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine would like to formally declare that that's not your expertise.
And so if a paper, newspaper, were to call, you're not allowed to talk to them.
And so the reason why this happened was because the week before I was quoted in the Washington Times, which is not a very good newspaper, but they quoted me right underneath Tony Fauci.
And I just said, well, I mean, it wouldn't be crazy if it was a lab leak.
And that reaction spurred me to go on for almost a year and a half, assuming that they were covering up a lab leak.
And that's what Gigome Biological on Twitch was.
And that's what actually led to a call in April of 2022, sitting in the lawn of my house with my wife, just kind of wondering what we're going to do next.
And this guy calls me with this really crazy voice.
And he says, Hey Jay, this is Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And I fell down into the mud.
I was crying.
I couldn't believe it.
I thought, my gosh, somebody's finally heard my message.
10 minutes later, a guy by the name of Ron Johnson called me.
And Ron Johnson said, well, you know what?
Robert Malone sat me down and had me watch your stream.
And I'd really like you to make a brief for my staff.
It was basically the same story that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
told me.
He said that Robert Malone sat him down,
had him watch a January stream of mine, and he wanted me to help him write this book.
So this is the book that Robert released at the end of last year.
It's called The Wuhan Cover-Up, the Terrifying Bioweapons Arms Race.
If you open this book up to the Acknowledgments page,
And I'm just doing this because I don't have anything else to prove to you why I'm here.
The second, I don't have anything to sell.
I don't even know how to do that stuff.
This book would not have been possible.
This is the second paragraph here.
This book would not have been possible without the expertise and invaluable insights provided by Jonathan J. Cooey and then a bunch of other people.
First name that he mentioned.
Not only that, but I'm in the index, and I'm quoted in that book six times.
The last quote in that book is that they wouldn't even need a virus to do this.
Now, the thing that he won't tell you and won't talk to me about anymore and Children's Health Defense, I believe, actually fired me for is that I think that these people are covering this up.
I taught them
Before this book was published, I taught all of the people that worked on this book the biology that I'm going to teach you now in much more detail, with much more questions and many more arguments.
And I won them all.
And you're not going to find any evidence of that in this book, because as Bobby told me to my face, this is not the book for those answers.
And I'm sorry, but if we're going to save America, we need those answers right now.
And so as it says up there, I was fired.
So first he paid me for a whole year, and then the Children's Health Defense hired me.
And when you get hired by Children's Health Defense, you have to sign a non-disclosure agreement because you might hear stuff and learn stuff, and you're not supposed to tell anybody that.
At some point when they decided to fire me in December of 2023, right before the start of this year, they said that I was interfering with their ability to interact with their partners.
I don't know what that means.
but they let me go.
Now, I didn't sign an NDA agreement when they let me go.
They offered me $8,000 in an NDA, and I said no.
So that means I can tell you those people pay well.
I got $120,000 a year salary when they hired me there.
They paid me for six months with the best insurance my family's ever had, and they threw me out with little more than an offer of nothing.
Now, this started all based on the fact that they interviewed me for this book while I was a staff scientist for them, and they tried to record the video again because they said that the video doesn't sell the book.
Well, that's because the biology's not in the book.
So that's enough of that.
Sorry, I got to point this way.
They told me that already.
So just in case you think that I'm full of it, they all know me.
They've all given me private hugs.
They've all told me how wonderful we think it is that somebody as clever as you is teaching immunology.
We need more people like you.
You should be teaching at every medical school in America.
All of these people ignore me.
How many times have you had
a chance to take a picture with these people and have them write a little note that says, we think you're so awesome, or offered you a contract to write a book and then ignored you afterward.
So I want to teach you in four movements why these people are liars.
Biology is the way, and I mean this from the perspective of the irreducible complexity of biology that was present when your kid was born.
It didn't need any fixing.
It didn't need any shots.
And that irreducible complexity is not there anymore.
They don't want us to see that.
And I am a biologist from a child.
I'm a biologist because of my grandmother.
I'm a biologist because I was a bird watcher.
I'm a biologist because I used to keep snakes.
I'm a biologist because ever since I was a child, I could look outside and see how complicated it was.
Now, if we want to face these people, we have to be able to oppose them correctly.
So first of all, we have to understand how they got us to teach our children this, because that's the goal of the pandemic.
They don't want to tell you what happened.
They want you to figure it out and teach your kids.
That's how they've trapped you.
And so, this is a slide that I'm stealing from my friend Veera Sharav.
This is a statement that was made by a guy by the name of Edward Bernays in 1924.
They didn't have any social media on your 12-year-old's phone.
When they didn't have you following around a bunch of fake accounts on Twitter, they already knew that the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the habits and opinions of us was not only necessary, but formed the basis for our governance.
You can translate this to say that they can lie to you and they do it together in concert, and that's how they govern us.
Now, you might have known that about 9-11.
You might have known that about whatever.
I did not know they were doing this with biology, and I was there in the midst of it, trying hard to figure out how to be the best biologist I could, and I failed, because this is how they do it.
So these are the charlatans that you think have power over you, but they're not the only charlatans.
These are the forward-facing ones.
There are also these guys, like the intellectual dark web.
put in place at the beginning of the pandemic to control the narrative.
They don't even know what was going to happen.
They just know that they were elevated before they should have been.
Some of those people have been in signal chats with me.
They have talked to me over the years.
Brett Weinstein, for example, is somebody that has been learning biology from me for over three years, but you'd never know it.
So I want you to understand how they got you to do this.
They made it a mystery, like a Scooby-Doo mystery.
That Scooby-Doo mystery was, is it a lab leak or is it a natural virus?
Tony Fauci and Rand Paul were very good at arguing about that.
You're so lying.
And we all bought into that.
It was a real big argument, such a big argument that none of us ever realized that the suppositions of the state were being enforced by that.
You accepted the virus.
As soon as you got into that argument, you accepted the virus.
Unfortunately, once you argued about it,
Novel treatments.
You also were arguing about the novel virus.
You're actually accepting it.
And this is an organized thing.
These people agreed that there are bat caves that have viruses that can go around the world.
They agreed about it for decades.
Peter Daszak was on 60 Minutes telling us about how this is just real.
That's an illusion of consensus between the 60 Minutes guy, who says that Daisak is smart, and Daisak, who says he's smart.
It's an illusion of consensus.
It's two people agreeing to lie to you about pandemic potential in bat caves, or in cell culture, or in animal passage experiments, or God forbid they start stitching these genes together and make stuff that Mother Nature never knew existed.
I know this is hard to hear.
But these are all lies.
These are all lies that are based on a wonderful couple decades of bamboozling you about what was accomplished with the Human Genome Project, bamboozling you about what's being accomplished with the National Cancer Institute, and bamboozling you about what's being accomplished with the National Institutes of Disease, and whatever they're called, NIDA.
So this is the faith.
This is the faith that Tony Fauci believes in.
This is the faith that Peter Daszak believes in.
But, oh yeah, this is also the faith that Robert Malone and Pierre Kory and Judy Mikovits all believe in, too.
There is a novel virus.
Millions of people died from it, but millions more were saved.
And gain-of-function is so real that even if this virus wasn't a gain-of-function, the next one obviously could be.
So what are we arguing about?
And it's really interesting that all the people that have traveled the world for all these COVID summits and all these places, I've got photographs with all of them.
And they all ignore me because this is the real truth.
This is Noam Chomsky saying it a different way than Edward Bernays said it.
The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of an acceptable opinion, but allow a very lively debate within that spectrum.
Shoot, you can even write books about it.
You know?
You can even write books about it.
And they can be very vigorous and very critical.
but they reinforce the actual narrative of the state.
And it is not fun for me.
Please understand that.
I don't expect to ever get to do this again.
It's one of the reasons why I'm happy everybody's here.
I wish there was a thousand more people.
No one's ever going to give me a chance to speak like this again except for maybe Ed.
So how was the pandemic created?
I'm only going to do this once.
I'm not going to use this much text anymore, but I want to say it once because I want you to understand that what I'm about to teach you with biology has hundreds of hours of study behind it.
Like you spent four years passively and actively trying to solve the mystery of the lab leak gain-of-function virus, I need to inspire you
to solve the mystery of these three statements that I'm going to make after this explanation.
So how was the pandemic created?
First of all, I told you it's Peter Daszak.
I told you Ralph Baric.
They seeded a gain-of-function narrative with scientific programs.
What do I mean by that?
They published papers with pandemic potential in the title.
That's it.
There's nothing else necessary.
They've never found it.
They don't prove it in those papers.
I've spent four years trying to find it.
And like a lot of these no-virus people, I didn't find it.
I'm going to clear up the fact that the no-virus position is incorrect, but it's not completely wrong.
That's the reason why it was so enticing.
So first, they seeded the narrative.
Don't forget, they also seeded the narrative in events like 201.
I know you're all aware of it, but this also creates
an illusion of consensus behind the scenes among these people in the suits.
Everybody that gets to wear a lanyard gets confused if they show up at a meeting like this, and instead of being a red pill conference, it's a conference about everybody in the room agreeing that coronaviruses have pandemic potential.
That's an illusion of consensus.
If you walk into a room like that, you're not going to be able to fight it.
So the next thing they did, these are really critical, because this is something that takes me many, many hours to teach.
They actually put people on the Internet to talk about the crazy things that COVID does, because they already knew that then when they transfected you with the mRNA, that some of those crazy things would happen.
They actually had people that were arguing with me for three years, making sure that I stayed on the right subject and never realized that they were actually trying to set up a narrative about a virus that had all these extra factors, extra problems.
The one you may have heard the most of is amyloidosis or prions.
That was seeded in March of 2020.
And the reason why is coming up, because they always knew it was going to happen.
The other thing that they did was, I guess that was number three, this was number four.
So the other thing that they did, that team of people that had these stories in place, they also had mass casualty events.
You may not be aware of it, but there's really no evidence in New York City that 24,000 people died in four and a half weeks.
And if anybody in here is a fireman or a policeman, you know that if
New York City had, instead of the normal 600 to 800 bodies every week, they started to have 5,000 bodies every week.
A few more people would have seen those bodies.
Now, we don't know what they did.
We don't know if they're fake.
We don't know if they move deaths around.
But the bottom line is, is that it looks like a bomb went off in New York City.
25,000 people were killed over five weeks, and then it went back to baseline for the rest of the
I guess the lockdown stopped it.
So these were actually seeded.
If you look into New York City, you will find, number one, they never resuscitated anyone for stroke or heart attack in New York City for a month and a half.
They just stopped.
Why?
Because if you give compressions, it might spread COVID.
Now that was of course put on the news and they said that COVID's got this weird thing where it gives people heart attacks.
But that was a lie and it was a lie told specifically about murders, murders in New York City.
So making the response a national security crisis is how they got Pierre Kory, how they got Peter McCullough.
And I know I'm saying names here.
It's not about the names.
I just want you to understand what has happened.
I honestly believe, after many conversations with Peter McCullough, that he's got to have a gun to his head.
Pierre Corey is another guy who, I don't know how many people are aware of it, but he was the witness which decided that George Floyd had suffocated and did not die of an overdose.
He's not even certified in Minnesota.
Why the hell was that guy in June of 2020 the witness?
And also the guy who testified in the same month to the Senate that something crazy happened in New York City.
Now, if you hear my voice breaking up, it's because I'm actually getting pretty scared now, because I'm saying stuff that I knew I was going to say, but I've never said before.
The bottom line is that last line.
They have conflated the toxicity of what they knew that transfection would do to you with this imaginary virus.
Now, it's pretty hardcore to say that it's an imaginary virus, so I want you to understand how they did it.
It's really important.
Now, this is a guy in Italy who's trying to do a little schtick.
He's trying to pretend that he's stopping the train, right?
The train's run out of gas or it's, you know, brakes don't work.
And he's going to go over here, he's going to chalk his hands up.
He's going to push that train again.
Now, I want you to think about the biology of disease and about pandemics, and I want you to imagine there's not one of those guys, but there's a Robert Malone, and a Meryl Nass, and a Mary Holland, and a Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and a Pierre Kory, and all these guys are together pretending to stop that train, and then you walk into the station, and they say, hey, hey, hey, can you help us?
This train won't stop without our help.
Can you help us?
That's how they got you.
That's how they got me.
Can you help me write this book?
We got to write this book to save the world.
Can you help me spread the word of ivermectin?
Because we got to save the world.
It's all the same bullshit thing.
I can tell you another great story that will make this really focus you.
The Milgram experiment is something that a lot of people talk about.
where people, three guys say that one line is one line and then the fourth guy's like, what?
And he kind of agrees with them because he's confused by them.
Nobody ever explains that right.
Okay, so what?
The Ash Experiment is the same way.
It's not explained correctly because they use a lot of big terms.
What are those experiments?
This is how I teach my children.
It's two people or more, excuse the explosion of spit, it's two people or more agreeing to lie to you.
I want to give you a very good example of this.
I have a 14-year-old son, a 12-year-old son, and a 7-year-old daughter.
I'm trying very hard to keep her off of all the screens, but they have this thing with Minecraft, and the boys play Minecraft, and so they got the idea the other day.
We're going to basketball, and I hear them talking in the thing.
I made this world, and I want you to bring Freddy in it, and then you're gonna go in your room and you're gonna pretend that you hacked, you're some third person in the world that's not supposed to be there.
And so, I'm saying to my sons in the car, I'm like, you know this is how they did the pandemic, right?
I said, but listen to you, you're planning to lie to your sister.
Do you think she stands a chance?
She loves you.
She trusts you guys.
And you're going to stare at her and lie to her face saying you don't know who this third player is?
Your brother's in the other room.
And then when your brother comes in the room, you're going to agree to say, no, it wasn't me.
It wasn't him.
Wow, Freddie, who was it?
I'm like, how long do you think you can keep her going?
Well, we could keep her going forever.
How long do you think Robert Malone, Meryl Nass, Mary Holland, and Bobby Kennedy could keep me going?
Pretty long.
Especially if they pay you.
So what I'm suggesting to you is that these people, if they coordinatedly lie to you and they do it well, you are done.
So, these are the people.
The ones I circle in yellow, I've had personal interaction with.
I would step in front of a train knowing that the train would disappear because I'm telling the truth.
Now, it doesn't matter about these people because I want to teach you how you can beat them.
So how can we oppose an effective consensus?
You know, vaccines just work.
How can we oppose it?
Well, we've got to learn the biology that defines it.
This is it.
You don't need to say anything else.
This statement's been around for more than a year.
This is one of the statements that I tried so hard to get somebody at CHD to frickin' use.
Because this is what it's all about.
It's saying it so that biologists can't argue with you.
saying it so that people who understand the immune system are made to understand that this is the way it is.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Why?
Well, because we don't know how the immune system works.
And we never have.
It's the most complicated system in your body.
It's more complicated than your brain, because your brain, all the cells stay in the same place and they're connected to each other.
The immune system is actually a symphony of independent cells that all communicates in ways we don't even fully understand.
We have a few ideas, but it's a very, very poorly understood system.
It is part of the irreducible complexity of our body that they can claim they get it, but they don't.
Now, this is a way of teaching you the biology you need to understand to defend that last statement.
This is a picture of your immune system.
This is your body without a head, without legs.
This is just the inside of your body is green, the outside of your body is black.
Notice that the outside of your body includes this part, right?
If I go to the next slide and color the outside all red, you will see that everywhere in your body is a barrier that's formed by epithelial cells.
On the inside, barriers are formed by endothelial cells, but it's basically the same thing.
They keep stuff in, they keep stuff out, and those barriers are real.
And if those barriers break down, if your brain barrier is leaky, if your gut's leaky, we all know that that's not good.
But we don't really understand it in the context of vaccination.
So I want you to understand it in the context of vaccination.
That's your lung.
That's air and food coming in, and then, you know, stuff coming out the other end, right?
This is a very simple diagram.
So epithelium is organized from the inside out.
Your whole immune system is organized from the inside out.
It's like an army that's facing the enemy.
And so endothelium, and that's the epithelium inside, the endothelium lines all of your vessels, is dynamically regulated.
What do I mean by that?
It's opened and closed by your immune system.
If it wants stuff to get through, it will open it.
And then it will close it again.
And T-cells are the ones that do that.
T-cells open and close local regions of endothelium so that immune cells can go in and fix stuff.
And otherwise, they can't go there.
It's called licensing.
So barriers is another way to say it.
And I think this is for the people that don't do biology.
It's the barriers.
They're organized from the inside out.
And the barriers are also dynamically regulated.
They're opened and closed by the immune system.
So lung and gut.
Can I explain disease as best I can?
Let's try.
So let's imagine
The biology that they tell you of replicating RNA is somewhat real.
So the RNA replicates in your lungs, right?
That's what's supposed to happen.
Then you start coughing.
It gets coated in mucus and that RNA and those proteins go down into your gut.
And what happens in your gut?
What's happening in your gut?
Everybody knows, right?
You're absorbing food.
Well, if the immune system is there, this is something that they're not teaching you ever.
If the immune system is lining here, it's got a very different job than the immune system that lines here, because the immune system that lines the lungs is a no-go.
The immune system that lines the gut is a all-go.
What you don't realize is that the T-cells that are present in the lung are opposed by T-cells in the gut.
In other words, when your T-cells in your lungs are activated by any stimulus, let's not call it a virus right now, let's just call it a stimulus, that stimulus response results in mucus and protein going down to the gut, which activates tolerant T-cells.
Those tolerant T-cells are what's responsible for turning off these cells that were activated by your inflammation in the first place.
It is a crescendo and decrescendo that happens in a concert of several different immune cells.
Now what I want you to ask is, if you tried to teach your immune system by putting something there, what would it learn?
If you put a combination of really toxic chemicals that they call adjuvants
and you put a couple recombinant proteins there, what would your body, what kind of signal would that be?
It's not a very good one.
It's so bad, actually, that once I realized this, I was yelling at people at CHD, because I'm like, why aren't we teaching this?
Why don't we teach people why intramuscular injection of vaccines is awful?
Smallpox was scratched onto your skin.
to be a skin subcutaneous vaccine but that's hard to do it needs more skill than
Did I need to repeat that?
Sorry.
Intramuscular injection is really easy.
It takes no skill.
Smallpox was scratched onto your skin.
That was called variolation.
And the measles vaccine used to be a subcutaneous vaccine, but that's hard to do because the skin's very thin.
So the way they fix this problem is they tell you a story that intramuscular injection is just as fine.
It's fine.
It's the same.
It's not.
It's not even close to the same.
You can't teach your immune system from the inside where that's where it protects you.
Sorry, I should have had a different slide up there, but that's okay.
So, transfection.
You've heard me say this word a couple times.
I need to make this point really good, really well.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent, and it always was.
Why?
Because it's actually two words.
And both of these words were on Robert Malone's resume for 15 years.
They were on my resume for 10 years.
Transfection is the use of RNA to express a protein where it's not supposed to be.
Transformation is using DNA to do the same thing.
And every biologist in America and in the EU that ever worked on an academic bench and wrote a grant has transfected a mouse, or has transfected their cell cultures, or has transfected a monkey, and knows darn well what those two words mean.
And yet at the beginning of the pandemic, none of them, except for me, unfortunately, stood up at a medical school and said, hey, just in case you're unaware, the investigational vaccines that they're talking about on PBS NewsHour, they're just transfections.
Mr. Cooey, we don't want you to come in anymore.
Please turn in your badge and keys and don't come back.
That's how fast it happened.
All I said was, it's transfection.
Why don't we just tell everybody we already know how this works?
Nobody wanted to say that.
Well, they must have fixed it.
Robert Malone told you that Peter Cullis told them that they fixed the lipid nanoparticle.
That's why he took it.
All of these people should have known this.
I mean, I can't say it any simpler.
There were products in 1990 that were called lipofectamine.
It's actually called the best transfection agent money can buy.
This is the same.
It's a lipid nanoparticle with an RNA in it.
I used it on my mice all the time.
I kept paper after paper of transfecting the brain of mice with an RNA in a lipid nanoparticle.
with an adenovirus, the other thing they used at the beginning.
I just want to butt in here.
I actually said that completely backwards.
I looked at my stuff again.
Almost all of my experiments were adenovirus transformations of neurons in the brain.
And I've only used mRNA once that I'm aware of.
So that should have been said the other way.
I don't think that really changes anything about the talk, but I just thought that I should say that.
In case somebody diligently looked it up, you could see that that was wrong.
Shouldn't because it uses RNA, but that's a technicality that only every medical school faculty in America should know.
But they didn't know.
So that's it.
That's as easy as it is.
To oppose that, you just have to tell them that these are technologies they all knew.
They were all using them.
So to call it an investigational vaccine, and then to go along with the illusion of consensus, essentially these people are criminally negligent as well.
I'm sorry, but they are.
Any one of them could have spoke up, and I was the only one.
And I'm not tooting my own horn.
I want you to see how...
We're in a pretty bad place because these people continue to ignore me.
They can't argue with me, so they ignore me.
Now, how can we avoid our children accepting this pandemic?
Mythology is probably the hardest part to teach.
It takes me the longest, so I'm going to just try and do it as best I can.
I still have 30 minutes, so I'm probably going to be able to circle back on a lot of this stuff.
Viruses are not pattern integrities.
The easier way to say that would be RNA cannot pandemic, but pattern integrity I really like.
This is a term that comes from Buckminster Fuller, who was one of the coolest scientists that nobody talks about.
Buckminster Fuller explained a pattern integrity with an analogy.
He said that you can take three types of rope and you can weave them together so that you have a nylon rope that flows directly into a cotton rope and then flows directly into a hemp rope.
And if we tie a knot at the top of this, a simple knot, and we slide this simple knot through the three materials, the knot is a pattern integrity.
It's not nylon, it's not cotton, it's not hemp.
The pattern integrity is the knot.
And what you are, what your child is, what that bird outside is, what a cactus is, what a pine tree is, this is a pattern integrity because chemicals and materials come in,
And they're reorganized, and they're a part of that pattern integrity for a little while, but not forever.
You've heard these discussions about, I guess, everybody has one water molecule that was once part of Napoleon.
This is the same kind of idea, a pattern integrity.
An RNA or a DNA molecule inside of a lipid membrane is not a pattern integrity.
It's really important to understand that, because they have told you a story
about a virus that can come into your cells and make them do something they don't already do.
This is the biggest lie of all, and it's the one where, really, when it hit me, I fell to the floor.
The best way I can explain it is really simple.
If you have a cuckoo clock, you cannot hijack a cuckoo clock and make it make toast.
There's nothing in a cuckoo clock that can be rearranged for it to make toast.
You could make it read the wrong time, you could make it cuckoo too loud or not enough,
You could even make it turn backwards.
But you can't hijack a cell to make it do something that it doesn't already do.
What does that mean?
Well, as a biologist, I knew immediately because I was working in the brain where two years before, a guy, I was working on this protein for a very long time.
It's going to be kind of tough to follow, but I think you can do it.
We have these proteins in our brain that come on immediately when a neuron is activated.
The way we found them is we gave mice cocaine.
And then we killed the mice very quickly and we stained their brains and we found that certain places in the brain lit up very hot with this protein called ARC.
And ARK is a protein that rearranges the skeleton of neurons.
And so it basically makes them able to change shape.
And so the hypothesis was is that cocaine makes these mice learn really fast because it mobilizes these neurons all at the same time and then they learn in one exposure that cocaine is great and now I'm addicted.
Now, what's interesting about that is that that ARC protein was then used for 15 years.
In every lab around the world that was working on the brain, they would just stain for ARC and say, these are the neurons that were activated by our experience.
So if they scared the mice, they would look for ARC.
If they gave them, let them breathe, they would look for ARC.
If they taught them, maybe they showed them
Stimulus from above that was supposed to scare them and then they would kill them animal and look for arc and say that these are The neurons that were activated by this gene.
Why am I telling you this story?
because in 2018 Neuroscientists found out that this arc protein was actually packaged in
in small viral-like particles and shed from the neurons that expressed it to other neurons so that they too could remodel their synapses even though they weren't activated to express the gene.
That's a mistake.
I said there that the protein was packaged and is sent to other neurons and it's not the protein, it's the RNA for Arc protein, which is pretty significant because a protein packaged up is not a genetic signal that can be an exosome or endosome.
And so I did make that, that's a mistake.
It should have said the RNA because it's definitely the RNA that's packaged in that observation.
This became a really big story because it was an endogenous virus in the brain associated with learning that I had just assumed was a protein that you could stain.
Now it turns out that we had to remodel the way we studied these circuits because some of the neurons were expressing that gene because they got it from the neuron next to them.
Now why am I telling you this?
Keep in mind, the cuckoo clock
You can't make your cells do something they don't already do.
Now, what if every living mammal, every living tree, every living fungus, anything that was a pattern integrity would shed genetic signals?
In fact, we already know.
There are whole departments around the world, biology departments, that study something that are called exosomes.
What are exosomes?
Exosomes are viral-like particles that are released by your cells all the time, and some people will try to tell you that they're just garbage, but they're not.
It's not just from cancer cells.
It's also from every tissue in your body, communicating with each other and the immune system.
Now what I want you to see here that's starting, I'm trying to develop, is that David Baltimore, Bob Gallo, Stanley Plotkin, Hilary Kaprowski, all these people that are two or three mentors back in the chain that invented all of these ideas, vaccination to polio, vaccination to yellow fever.
These people all put this in our outside.
These people all teach a biology, and I know you know it,
You have DNA.
It gets translated to RNA.
It goes through a ribosome, and you get protein.
That's it.
But then they tell you this story.
David Baltimore calls it the Baltimore Scheme.
There are DNA viruses, single-stranded DNA viruses, double-stranded RNA viruses, negative-strand RNA viruses, positive-strand RNA viruses.
And all these things are forms of genetic signals that we just don't use.
We've never bothered to.
But somehow they tell you that these non-pattern integrities have developed all kinds of ways to use single-stranded DNA, double-stranded RNA, negative, positive-stranded.
They all got these special enzymes, and they can do stuff that you can't.
But it turns out that if you actually go into the literature, you will find that we do copy RNA.
We do package it, which means that the viruses aren't making us do something that we don't do, which means they've told us a story about how our immune system works that's wholly a lie.
And the only person that I heard up here over this whole day say lie was David Webb.
Just like when they explain the Milgram experiment or the Ash experiment, they don't just say that it's three people agreeing to lie to you, and it's pretty hard to see through it.
But that's what it is.
And now imagine if Tony Fauci and Robert Malone agreed to lie to you.
where they actually look like they're opposing each other.
Now imagine there's 10 or 15 of those people, because there are.
And they all have agreed for 20 years never to tell you that your body signals with RNA and DNA, and that these signals are all around us.
What they want you to believe is that when they test for something, what they find is what they find.
And this is where the PCR test, again, was totally misconstrued.
What does everybody think it was?
Cycle count.
Well, anybody at a university knows that that's just ridiculous.
PCR is extremely accurate if used correctly.
And there are lots of ways to make it even more accurate.
So the idea that they told you this very simple story, that we just cycle it farther and then we get positives, is still a story that assumes that there's just one thing to look for, and it's new.
And so it's very easy to find.
And so what they are agreeing, and I mean it, Robert Malone is agreeing with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and is agreeing with Tony Fauci to tell you, is that this stuff is all outside of you.
And we can measure it all.
And you have none of it, you do none of it, and none of these signals could possibly be yours.
And that's a fundamental lie.
Because again, you cannot make a cuckoo clock do something that it doesn't already do.
So let me explain why this works.
Anybody here not familiar with the idea of giving your girlfriend a mixtape?
I think this will work with you guys.
Sometimes there are adults that are a little too young.
But I used to do this all the time.
And if you know how this works, it's very similar in biology.
Trust me.
They have shown you, Brian Artis showed it to you.
Brian Artis showed you pictures of how they're making that venom, but he didn't tell you what they started with, and that's probably not his fault.
He's got his own story to tell, but I'll tell you what they start with.
They always start with DNA.
So, the mixed tape there is RNA.
That's what they find in the wild, in the anuses of bats.
They find signals of RNA.
But when they put that RNA in culture, it never copies.
It doesn't grow.
It just doesn't work.
And the reason why it doesn't work is because RNA is not easy to copy.
RNA doesn't copy very well.
And when you copy it, it makes errors because DNA is double-stranded.
That means when you open it up, you have two copies, and that means when you put it together, if it doesn't go back together, you've made a mistake.
RNA's single-stranded, so when you make copies, you don't know if you've made a mistake, because you never check it with the original.
I was doing that on stage, that's why I did that.
So RNA, no matter how it's used in your cells or anybody else's cells, we've known for 40 years that RNA's not as accurate as DNA, and that's why when they make venom, as Brian Artis showed you, they start with DNA,
And they have that bacterial culture, and those big steel vats make as much of that DNA as possible.
Then they lyse the bacteria, they destroy them, they extract the DNA, and then they convert that DNA to RNA if they need it, for example, like Moderna or Pfizer.
Same process that they make monoclonal antibodies with, except instead of going one step further from mRNA to a monoclonal antibody, which is a protein, they just stop at the mRNA.
Now, here's the deal.
mRNA can't be copied.
That's why virology of RNA is probably a complete hoax, and nobody will argue with me about it.
The reason why it's a hoax is because, like a mixtape, you can't make a good copy of RNA.
So if you take four genes that you find in the wild and you use Barrick's wonderful no-see-um technique to stitch all those together,
It still is not going to grow in a culture until you make a large copy of it in DNA.
Because that copy doesn't work, right?
If you remember mixtape, if you made a mixtape for your girlfriend that she really liked, she couldn't make a copy of it for her girlfriends because it would be too hissy.
It wouldn't sound very good.
And I know that's a kind of poor analogy,
When you translate RNA, there are always errors.
It is several orders of magnitude worse to copy RNA than DNA.
And that's why when you make venom,
You make the DNA first, and then change it into the venom by going to mRNA and protein.
So Brian could have told you that, but he didn't.
But that's all right.
The point is that DNA is a CD.
So if I make the mixed CD, now I can make as many copies of that as I want to.
Understand the same thing is happening with virology.
If you think about the RNA virus as a mixtape, they cannot grow it in culture.
But they can definitely make a DNA copy of it.
Kevin McKernan has told you that the ability to make synthetic DNA has gone from thousands of dollars to pennies.
Brian Artis showed you that they can make these conatoxins by the ton.
Well, they make it from DNA to RNA to protein.
The same way they made DNA to RNA to Moderna.
The same way they made DNA to RNA to Pfizer.
This is all the same process that Robert Malone has been an expert in for 10 years.
There's no possible way that Merrill Nass doesn't know that this is the same way that they make monoclonal antibodies, in the same way that they make venom, in the same way that they made these shots.
And this is the way they do virology.
They make a DNA copy of it.
That's this.
And because, as Kevin McKernan and all the people that work for the Human Genome Project will tell you, we don't know how the genome works, but we can sure make DNA cheap.
So we make that DNA.
That's the CD.
And they use a bacterial culture with viruses.
They told you the story that viruses are so big we have to make smaller plasmids and then we have to stitch them all together.
They made a whole story.
And there's all kinds of people that are sure they figured it out because there are these linkages there and they can see that they stitched it all together.
That's this.
They make five DNA molecules.
They grow them in five different cultures.
Then they lyse those things.
They take that DNA out.
And there's lots of ways to do it.
They could use commercial RNA polymerase, which is just an enzyme that takes DNA and makes RNA.
That's the way they did the Pfizer and the Moderna shot.
They could also take that DNA and put it on cell culture.
And then as Andy Kaufman has told you for four years, they'll just scrape that supernatant off there and say, there they are.
Those are the viruses.
That's it.
It is literally transforming and transfecting cell culture, and they call it virology.
And so, unfortunately, a lot of these no-virus people have not been able to explain this to you.
They have stopped at the, they don't isolate, they don't purify, they don't culture.
But then explain what they do and why it's a giant lie.
Why they had to murder people in New York to hide this.
Because virology is based on synthetic DNA.
made in large quantity that you cannot get from an anus of a bat.
Look, they do this in cell culture, they do it in mice, they do it to share with each other.
But understand this, please.
If you start with the virus that you find in a bat, there is no way, not one methodology,
to produce enough of that to share with five labs.
But the CDC says that they have a sample from Washington, from February of 2020, from the Sohomish County man, that they are still distributing virus from, has a control for all the experiments around the world.
That's not a lie, that's real.
And they want you to believe that they're just growing that virus from that dude that we just let go.
We don't even know who he is.
The Sohomish County man, the very first case in America, in Washington.
You don't know him.
He was the first one.
They did monoclonal antibodies from him.
They did everything.
But we didn't bother to take a picture of him.
We don't know who he is.
Now, the reason why this is important is what I've been hinting at.
The same process that Brian Ardis showed you that they make venom, they made the mRNA.
They made a big vat of DNA, and they took that DNA out, and they converted it to RNA.
And instead of making a protein like they would if they were making antibodies, they just put that in a lipid nanoparticle and said, here, it's done.
Now, why is this important?
Because they could have made it like they do all other pharmaceuticals, just like they make, what Bryan Artis said, they make venom.
They could make the PCR product that they looked for.
Make it cheap.
DNA does not degrade.
You want to find it on a cruise ship?
We can make it for pennies.
You want to find it in a bat?
Well, that's tough.
But you want to make it synthetic, you can do whatever you want.
Now understand what this means.
This means that this story, that you can stitch things together and then all of a sudden lose control of a molecule, is a mythology.
The only way this works is if they create a purity that they cannot create in nature.
I hope everybody is hearing it, because here, when you're doing these experiments, sorry, up here, they can't even make a gram.
But here, we can make tons, tons of a DNA that's pure, which means that that's a PCR test gold standard.
If they put it in the water and said, oh, wow, the coronavirus is rising in the sewers, that is so cheap to do.
that is so easy to do, to plant these signals somewhere, to say that we've found something, to claim that it is circulating, requires a couple big assumptions.
Number one, no exosomes, no RNA, no signals other than viruses.
All outside of you, nothing else.
Never mind the fact that sometimes you kiss somebody and it feels really good, and other times it's like, whoa.
You think that's just smell?
Come on.
We're talking about a high level of chemical communication that occurs through all of us all the time.
They would love you to ignore it.
And this is just the tip of the iceberg here because it's only synthetic DNA.
And that's why certain people, like people of the Human Genome Project, like people that have been speaking in front of the WHO for 10 years, are the only ones that are coming to save us.
Because the legacy of virology is alive from AIDS,
It's a lie from them.
That virus was never isolated.
That virus was never found.
We know that now.
But these same people are in charge.
These same people are still pushing this biology that I will go to my grave knowing is a lie.
And it's not because there are no viruses.
It's not because there are no signals.
It's because they have taken a very beautiful and irreducible complexity of genetic signaling around us and told us it's viruses.
Virus, the Greek word for poison.
This is just lying.
And you have to distill it down to lying because that's how you explain it to your kids.
Now, if we go farther, remember that they call these infectious clones.
I want to challenge you.
One of the mysteries you should solve is go home and start using PubMed and search for infectious clones.
You will find a thousand papers
where they tell you that, well, we found this RNA in the wild, but it didn't really grow in culture.
So we made a synthetic pure quantity of it, and we applied it to a cell culture, and now we're studying viruses.
No, you're not.
You're studying synthetic transformation or transfection of your cell culture.
That's it.
And these virologists are either not sophisticated enough to understand because of the way that academia is, and some of them that are sophisticated enough to understand are doing very, very well for themselves.
So this is also infectious clones, but just bigger.
Now, if you don't use virology's terms, but you use my terms, you would just say this.
Synthetic DNA and RNA in quantity can give you a PCR positive, but even better, the illusion that they really got you on was the sequencing.
Did you know that before the pandemic, we had less than 200 full sequences of coronavirus?
Less than 200.
We tried really hard to find them.
And the claims of 200, I would go so far as to say really only 50 or 53 of them were full genomes.
The rest of them were kind of like, yeah, we didn't find everything, but we said we found enough.
200.
But it's really about 50.
They tell you that they have been tracking this virus for a year, and they're at 16 million sequences.
So one molecule or I do want to clarify here that I'm
I'm specifically referring to papers that have published a novel virus.
So there's lots of viral sequences that predate the pandemic that were uploaded, but a lot of them weren't published.
And so then what does that really mean?
If it's an illusion of consensus that the national security state has been creating, then one of the ways to create that would be to upload sequences, right?
It's real easy.
So we don't need to take their word on anything at this stage, but I just want to clear that up.
Wow, I look tired, holy cow.
A mud puddle in a market.
This molecule, without any enzymes of its own, without any energy needed, without any metabolism, without any form of pattern integrity, has somehow managed to perpetuate itself around the world in high fidelity for five years, such that we can sequence it with a fidelity never demonstrated with any virus before.
But, you know, Peter Daszak was trying.
And so I'm kind of off here.
I have like seven minutes left, and I really feel as though it is important to try to revisit this, because I don't want us to teach it to our kids.
This is the most important thing, because all of us are being egged on to teach this to our children.
That's why Mary Holland says that we want to have a big top tent of health freedom, and that we want to fight for... against mandates, or we want to fight for free speech, or we want to fight for free choice.
I'm sorry, but this is not how we win.
We win when we say that the vaccine schedule in America, when compared to any other country in the free world, is a criminal enterprise.
That's what we have to say, and nobody will say it.
How easy would it be for Bobby Kennedy to have said that once instead of saying, I just want placebo trials or something like this?
And it goes on and on, because this is what they lied to you about.
This is the graph they showed you, showed you this on the news.
And they said that all this excess death is from the virus.
What you see there is COVID in red, and what you see there in blue is pneumonia.
Since 2014, between 5,000 and 2,500 people have died every week to pneumonia.
And then suddenly at the beginning of the pandemic, we somehow forgot how to treat pneumonia, and three or four times as many people started dying of pneumonia.
That's murder.
Why is that murder?
because they lied about it.
This is the picture that they should have shown you, because this is all-cause mortality since 2014.
It's 55,000 to 70,000 people in America every week dying.
Did you know that?
Three million people die every year in America, and that's freaking normal.
And yet somehow or another, by not showing you this graph, they convince you that something crazy was happening.
They'd lost control of nothing.
They lied about the fact that they created a lot of fear and uncertainty and doubt by sending a bunch of old doctors home because this virus might affect old people.
We're going to have to leave the ERs to the attendings no more.
Let the young kids run it.
Do not resuscitate orders in New York.
This one is the one that no one will talk about.
If there's doctors here, please help me with this because this one is killing me.
They killed everybody like this.
There are studies that you can find.
ICU doctors knew this.
If you give somebody high flow oxygen, they don't need it, and you give it to them for a few hours, do you know what happens?
They know because they did a monkey study about it in 1989.
80% pure oxygen over two hours is enough to give you something called ARDS.
Interesting.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome.
I don't know where I heard that before.
Anyway, the point is, is that by the time you got on the ventilator, this was done.
A lot of people think they were killed by the ventilator, or by Merdesivir, or by Midazolam, but the whole way they got everybody on that train,
was they showed up the hospital, they said they had COVID, their pulse ox was a little low.
Half LCCC told you to go to the hospital if you had a pulse ox less than 94.
That's pretty funky because if you go to the hospital and they give you
high flow oxygen, which they've done to thousands.
Everybody that I've ever looked at their medical records, that's where they started, even though that's not why they died, because that was weeks later.
That's how they got the progression to happen.
People got progressively sick in the hospital because of that, because of supplementary oxygen.
You're supposed to have a monitor on that.
There's supposed to be all kinds of humidity and, you know, you're supposed to have a monitor so that it changes concentration.
And these people were complaining in New York City about running out of oxygen.
There's even videos of these people saying that we're giving people 60 liters a minute.
60 liters a minute!
That's not your grandfather sitting in front of the TV with a little thing in here.
That's not that.
That's wind, 60 liters a minute.
Now, the other things that they lied about, of course, the list is very long.
They put people on ventilators, but they had to get them there first.
One of the ways that they got them there was they said, well, we don't want COVID to spread, so maybe we can use the ventilators to stop that.
The lack of antibiotics use is probably the worst thing that they did.
They did that around the world.
Because why?
Because viral pneumonia doesn't respond to antibiotics.
What a complete lie that is.
That's murder.
That's just secondary bacterial pneumonia being ignored.
They sent people back to...
old folks' homes with secondary pneumonia, and they lied about it.
Do you know why I know that?
Because Robert Malone was on a podcast in 2011 with a fake doctor by the name of Paul Cottrell, and he said that they're actually killing people by giving them dexamethasone, which is actually a hammer for the immune system, and then they send them back to the care homes and they die.
So Robert Malone knew they were murdering people,
He didn't really tell anybody, not really anybody that mattered, because he was on that silly podcast and nowhere else.
Poor use of steroids, that's dexamethasone the wrong way.
Remdesivir and midazolam, you're all familiar with that, but lots of people died of urinary tract infection.
My father-in-law died of urinary tract infection in the Netherlands in the beginning of the first year.
My mother-in-law took the vaccine just so that she could go see him in a hospital and watched him die of a urinary tract infection, which is not pretty.
I lost an ex-girlfriend who took the shot to be on a Hollywood set and then got advanced brain cancer and died.
And I actually also lost my best friend.
I could not tell him this stuff.
He was in my house in December, sorry, October of 23.
And he laughed at me in my garden when I told him that your whole family may be in danger because you've all taken this.
And it wouldn't surprise me if one of you dropped dead.
And on December 4th, he did drop dead.
And I was not invited to the funeral because they didn't want to argue about why it happened.
And so I'm doing this really just for Nathan and for Annie and for the people that I know for sure died, and for the people that lied to me.
There's more, right?
They're not talking about the opioid deaths, but the opioid deaths have gone through the roof since 2019, and these are not excess deaths.
These are the reason why the life expectancy in America has gone down.
It's not because of COVID, it's because we're letting people die on the street that are not supposed to be dying.
We lost 500,000 people to the opioid pandemic in three years, and we're not counting them as opioid deaths.
We're talking about excess deaths.
And opioids are not on the radar.
Even when Bobby Kennedy talks about it, he uses the wrong numbers.
So death certificate fraud was another big time.
I'm up with time, so I'm going to go really quick now.
Death certificate fraud was big.
There were financial incentives.
They paid people to call it COVID.
There were whole, of course, stories about that that I don't need to tell you.
Track and trace convinced people that there was something happening.
And of course, there was PCR fraud, lateral flow test fraud, and the sequencing fraud that I've talked about before.
Going very quickly, there's zero epidemiological evidence of spread.
We went through that before.
Keep in mind, you guys are old enough to remember that in the 1990s, they were already talking about the pending Medicare crisis, that Medicare was gonna cost us so much money that America was gonna go broke.
It cost $500,000 for the last six months of most Medicare patients.
They've known this for a decade.
What an easy way to avoid that big bump in costs.
The last thing I would like to say is that Children's Health Defense is a group of lawyers that never says strict liability.
That should tell you right away that they're lying to you.
Strict liability is the legal term for when you're responsible for the products that you make, and we should just restore strict liability to all pharmaceutical products in America, and we'll be done.
The Seventh Amendment violation is another thing that these lawyers don't talk about, including Aaron Seery.
The Seventh Amendment is your ability to sue for any damages over $20, which the PREP Act and the VICP and the CICP completely prevent you from doing.
Yet Aaron Seery uses those fake kangaroo courts to pursue vaccine damage instead of saying, hey, wait a minute, we only need one case in one state to have go up to federal court and the federal courts say, well, the PREP Act is actually unconstitutional.
I guess we'll strike it.
Yet, where is CHD with a case in every state trying to get up to circuit court to get a Seventh Amendment throwout?
They're nowhere.
And I'm being kicked off the stage.
Transfection in healthy humans was rushed, but it worked.
An RNA can cause a pandemic is exactly what they want you to teach to your kids.
And what I want you to teach to your kids is these charlatans need their power taken away.
because you inherited it from your parents.
These are the same charlatans, and this is the truth.
It was always criminally negligent, and it can't pandemic.
If you want to find out more, please find me.
I want to teach high schoolers.
I want to teach you.
I want to help lawyers.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Man, you are amazing.
Thank you.
Yes, JJ.
Beautifully done.
So that is, yeah.
I'm gonna leave myself off here a little bit.
Let's see.
Yeah, so that's the talk.
I didn't watch it all, so I watched the last bit I didn't see.
Yeah, anyway, I hope you enjoyed it.
I think I'm going to leave it right here and just kind of relax and think about that a little bit.
I will be on tomorrow as usual and we've got to start this pattern again because
Very soon, I want to start these mini courses so that we can all be better at arguing this.
And that's got to happen really soon because we don't have much time, I think, to get that far ahead, especially because we have so much momentum.
And so, yeah, if you want to help me out, make sure that you're also sharing Mark Kulak's work and sharing Mark Kulak's website, that database, and his work.
I've really made a...
a big difference in my ability to do what I did up there on that stage.
A lot of discussions with him, a lot of talk with him has really propelled my understanding of this forward and really propelled my ability to explain it.
So, hat tip to Mark Kulak and I will see you guys again tomorrow, I guess.
I think somebody put the link in the chat of the Odyssey thing.
I don't have it on hand right now.
But I know it's there.
Let me see if I can see it in my history.
I can put it in if somebody doesn't beat me to it.
I got it right here.
This one looks right.
I don't know who did this.
If you want to cop to it, that would be great.
because, I don't know, somebody, I guess, recorded the stream and then put it up on Odyssey.
So whoever you are, thank you very much for doing that.
So far, I don't think there's another copy of it.
So now we have this.
We'll see where we go from here.
But I'll definitely be here tomorrow.
I need a shower.
Yikes.